# HumanRobotInteraction_ER
Human Robot Interaction (HRI) with Marrtino robot to help people arriving at the Emergency Room (ER)
Video Result of User interactions can be seen at: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B4sg4iSE8-Q&t=2s

Hospital Emergency Rooms (ER) suffer of many deficiencies that cause issues such as overcrowding, possible malpractice, and even mortality. To reduce and potentially remove these issues, technology such as robots can be implemented at the beginning of the process. The robot in this implementation is capable of interacting with humans using a software that also simplifies the process of adding new patients into the database with information regarding their emergency, it provides an urgency level calculated based on the entered information, and their estimated wait time. Patients can also return to the robot at any time to ask for their remaining wait time and update their information (e.g. symptoms, pain level) in case their emergency worsens and could require a more urgent appointment and a faster evaluation from a doctor. For a new patient or an existing one that has a high level urgency, their appointment is calculated to be shorter in order to avoid the possibility of malpractice or mortality due to extended wait time for potentially dangerous circumstances. On the other hand, patients with lower urgency level are taken in order, but are communicated if their wait time has changed due to other urgent priorities. This increased direct communication with the patients reduces the stress and confusion with both patients and practitioners. Therefore, increasing the efficiency and reliability of the most important step in the ER - prioritization of patients given the severity of their symptoms and pain level and the correct initial calculation of their urgency level.

To run the implementation go to folder /scripts and in the command line write: python2 ER_modim.py
